We just signed up for the Strike API and now on this API Keys page, we can see both a publishable key
and a secret key.
The secret key is the one that we want to make use of inside of our project.
This is what it's going to allow us to reach out to the Stripe API and somehow charge a user's credit
card.
So we want to somehow use this key right here inside of our project.
But as you'd guess from the name of Secret Key, we really do not want to put this secret right here
in plaintext inside of our project.
Now, this is something we have dealt with in the past, and you might recall that in order to store
some secret information or some private keys inside of a Kubernetes cluster, we can create an object
called a secret.
Secrets are used to store secret information, just like an API key that we have right here.
We have created a secret once before inside this course.
So let's go back over to our terminal and create another secret that will store this.
Stripe key.
Okay.
So back at my terminal to create a secret, we will write out CTL create secret.
Generic.
Well, then put in the name of the secret.
So we're going to call it Stripe secret.
Then Dash dash from literal and then we'll put in a collection of key value pairs at the end of the
command.
So we will write out Stripe, underscore key and then the value that we want to assign to this property.
In this case, our key is the secret key we just saw inside of our browser.
So I'm going to take that secret key right there.
I'm going to copy it.
And then paste it at the very end.
All done.
Run this.
And we can see that our secret has been created.
I should now be able to do a little get secrets.
And I will see that I have a new secret called Stripe secret.
So now if you want to make use of this inside of our payment service, we have to open up the the deployment
file.
And tell Kubernetes.
So you want to take the information stored inside the secret and assign it to the pod created by our
payments deployment.
So let's do that right now.
Back inside my editor, I will find the infrared directory.
Inside the folder, I'm going to find our payments deployment and then I'll scroll down a little bit
to the environment section.
So you'll notice inside of here we've already got that JSON web token.
Being assigned from a secret as well.
So we're going to be essentially right out the same kind of block.
But we'll reference the s the stripe secret that we just created a moment ago.
So I'm going to put in a name.
Is Stripe underscore key.
Then value from.
Secret key ref.
The name of the secret that we want to pull this value from is Stripe.
Dash secret.
And the name of the key is Stripe Key.
So this is going to give us an environment variable available inside of our project called Stripe Underscore
Key.
And that's going to make sure that we do not have to write out that entire secret key in plain text,
which is definitely a fantastic improvement.
All right.
So now that we've created that secret, we're going to take another pause right here.
We'll then make use of that environment variable and initialize the Stripe SDK inside of our new handler
in the next video.